Have you thought about it?
I'm not afraid of you
But who treats you well and who treats you badly?
Do you have a good idea?
Oh, dear.
Don't forget these shoes.
Bitter Winter Buddha
Your name is in my hands
Everything you have is given to you by bamboo
So to speak
You have absolute control over your subordinates
Of course!
I could use that word for a freak dance.
I don't raise money.
He has no complaints, so you hurry up and change careers
Real meat business
It's more money than you make by killing and setting fires
What are you sending to kill?
What should I do?
Disobedience is death
But this bodyguard can easily kill me
See if you dare to disobey
Then you die first.
In that case
I'll let you taste my secretary cheetah flight
Let you go together
Stop
Vegetable field zilan
This is my turf
How dare you be rude to my guests
Yes, this will provoke me first
You provoked Miss Qin first
I like to lecture you the most
People who use women as tools
Mr. Danada
Liao Fan is my bodyguard
If he did something wrong
You can tell me.
But there's no need to jump to him
Okay, little bodyguard
So many people are supporting you today
It seems that there will be other leaders in a while.
Come here too, you guessed it
Or maybe he won't come.
Maybe he arrived long ago.